[DOC] Change recommend setting of spark.locality.wait to 3s [skip ci] (#6491)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/tuning-guide.md

Default value: `3s`

This configuration setting controls how long Spark should wait to obtain a better locality for tasks.
If your tasks are long and see poor locality, you can increase this value. If the data sets are small 
and the cost of waiting will have less impact on the job's overall completion time, you can reduce this 

> value to get higher parallelization. In a cluster withhigh I/O bandwidth you can set it to 0 because it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value to get higher parallelization. In a cluster with high I/O bandwidth you can set it to 0 because it 
```
